1. Learn Elementary Korean: A beginners guide to learn Korean from scratch
https://www.udemy.com/course/topik-1-exam-preparation-course/?couponCode=TEPCNOV1320

2. A Complete Course on Android App Development with Android Dependencies
https://www.udemy.com/course/android-dependencies-bootcamp/?couponCode=968C3CAE1A977F9DCB8C

3. Android Development NDK: C++ , FFMPEG , google oboe
https://www.udemy.com/course/android-development-ndk-crash-course/?couponCode=DE94EAAFD28E862DA35B

4. Simple Course to Understand NPV & IRR in an effective way
https://www.udemy.com/course/micro-course-on-npv-and-irr/?couponCode=NOVFRC

5. Transform, analyze & visualize data with Microsoft Power BI Desktop: hands-on demos, projects & 1-on-1 Power BI support
https://www.udemy.com/course/microsoft-power-bi-latest-2020-beginner-to-expert-modules/?couponCode=POWER12

6. Master yourself in HTML5: Interactive way, step by step and easy to follow. Great for Absolute Beginners!!
https://www.udemy.com/course/interactive-html-course/?couponCode=HTML5NOV2020

7. Learn to Trade The Forex market - Get a complete understanding of Forex market and a complete introduction to forex
https://www.udemy.com/course/introduction-to-forex-learn-to-trade-forex-by-yourself/?couponCode=140078837C514588BA78

8. How to earn from Photography, like stock photography, event photography, work as assistant photographer, and more.
https://www.udemy.com/course/earn-from-photography-complete-guideline/?couponCode=EARNPHOTONOV2020

9. Learn how to develop a top-down overview of your entire life, so that you always know what is most important to do
https://www.udemy.com/course/3i-time-management-system/?couponCode=BFDAYFREE

10. In this complete course students will learn how to teach online through a comprehensive online course masterclass!
https://www.udemy.com/course/teachingonline/?couponCode=BFDAYFREE

11. Single phase & three phase inverter, harmonics, voltage-frequency control & PWM techniques
https://www.udemy.com/course/inverter-1/?couponCode=FREENOV20

12. Niche Research for Affiliate Site , How To Find A Profitable Niche When You Think All The Profitable Niches Are Taken
https://www.udemy.com/course/niche-research-course-pro-secrets-of-niche-research-in-2021/?couponCode=EC9C1D03E8B844EFF4E3

13. In this course students will learn the basics of reading music, using the staff, rhythms, key changes, notation & more!
https://www.udemy.com/course/learnmusic/?couponCode=BFDAYFREE

14. Test your Python programming skills in object-oriented programming (OOP) and solve over 150 exercises! - Python
https://www.udemy.com/course/exercises-object-oriented-programming-in-python-oop-course/?couponCode=FREE_CODE

15. Digital Marketing Strategy, Social Media Marketing, WordPress, SEO, Digital Sale, Email, Instagram, Facebook, ads ..
https://www.udemy.com/course/digital-marketing-strategy-course-wordpress-seo-instagram-facebook/?couponCode=LOVETIME2020

16. Facebook Marketing Targeting Strategy To Find More Customers, sales and leads In 2020/2021
https://www.udemy.com/course/facebook-ads-marketing-targeting-strategy-2021-2020/?couponCode=12NOV2020

17. Learn the Mindset Secrets of the People Who Are Making a LIFE-CHANGING Income Online!
https://www.udemy.com/course/make-money-online-training/?couponCode=6BE3B91B06237829E50C

18. Make a Full Time Living in Content Writing as a Blogger. Learn to Write 30+ Content Types & Earn a 6-Digit Figure Online
https://www.udemy.com/course/ultimate-content-writing-masterclass-30-courses-in-1/?couponCode=WRITING12

19. Increase Happiness and Decrease Procrastination Using SSP Brain Training
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-daily-positive-habits-building-course/?couponCode=B559E52C6F64FDFCA1DB

20. Public Speaking: Get audiences to understand remember the most important numbers/trends in your financial presentations
https://www.udemy.com/course/how-to-give-financial-presentations/?couponCode=958C34F8455600BB40AF

21. Public Relations: You can communicate the messages of your agency to the media. Master every media encounter.
https://www.udemy.com/course/how-to-be-a-government-spokesperson/?couponCode=776931EBA43AC777B666

22. Facilitation: You can lead a discussion. Introduce speakers. Moderate competing ideas. And synthesize new arguments.
https://www.udemy.com/course/how-to-be-a-facilatator/?couponCode=52BBE90D2D752450804D

23. Build Healthy Sleep Habits - Eliminate Insomnia - Learn Strong Habits to Sleep Better - Become Well Rested Again
https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-good-sleep-habits-course-sleep-better-tonight/?couponCode=9DB96F041CC3BBEE24F7

24. Telecommuting - Remote Working - Tools for Working from Home - Better Organization for Work Live Balance & Productivity
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-telecommuting-course-remote-work-work-life/?couponCode=00B20F0B98E30D19D079

25. Build a Growth Mindset for Your Organization and Yourself - Leadership for Life Success - Learn Habits to be Successful
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-growth-mindset-course-the-mindset-for-success/?couponCode=56C0FA144E55B9FFB031

26. Nonverbal Communication for Business, Public Speaking and Life - Display Confidence and High Self Esteem
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-nonverbal-communication-course-body-language/?couponCode=E18C2F19EE93C3E2DD34

27. Use Google Drive for Maximum Productivity - You Can Become the Master of Google Suite - Enhance Your Office Efficiency
https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-google-drive-course-mastering-google-drive/?couponCode=58B2EA935A8969545FE3

28. One of a kind course to learn about how to get fit for everyone
https://www.udemy.com/course/theabcdmethod/?couponCode=34493316E27B06BF0CFB

29. Be a Content Marketing, SEO & Copywriting Expert - Profit with Content Marketing: 2021's Most Powerful FAST LEARN Course
https://www.udemy.com/course/content-marketing-course-2021/?couponCode=TOP111

30. A course for both beginners and intermediates, complete with examples, quizzes and exercises
https://www.udemy.com/course/iso-45001-2018-complete-course/?couponCode=4599D635E64FD35B297B

31. Start Generating Passive Income & Enjoy Your Life
https://www.udemy.com/course/passive-income-make-money-online/?couponCode=GIFT2020X

32. 3 courses in 1 Master the complete cycle of Bookkeeping Accounting and Financial Satements right from scratch
https://www.udemy.com/course/accounting-for-entrepreneurs/?couponCode=BFB6A4EDE446DDF25727

33. Understand Facebook marketing targeting to find your perfect customers my using these targeting strategies
https://www.udemy.com/course/facebook-ads-marketing-hindi-urdu-targeting-strategies-2021-2022-2020/?couponCode=12NOV2020